Add Ames stereo-pipeline (#1525)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/apps/ames-stereo.md

## Usage

Ames Stereo Pipeline is included in following modules:

* ames-stereo: 3.2.0

Load the module:

```
module load ames-stereo
```

You can test Ames Stereo Pipeline loaded successfully with

```
stereo -help
```

Running `parallel_stereo` can be very computationally expensive, so it should be run via batch jobs system. The software developers recommend reserving full nodes for Ames Stereo Pipeline.

### Example batch job

```
#!/bin/bash

#SBATCH --output=asp.log
#SBATCH --nodes=1
#SBATCH --ntasks=40
#SBATCH --mem=50G
#SBATCH --time=5:00:00
#SBATCH --partition=small
#SBATCH --account=project_200XXXX

module load ames-stereo

parallel_stereo [options] <images> [<cameras>] <output_file_prefix>
```

The [parallel_stereo](https://stereopipeline.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tools/parallel_stereo.html) program is the primary tool of the Ames Stereo Pipeline, it has a lot of different options described in detail in documentation.

> Ames Stereo Pipeline supports also multi-node batch jobs, see its [PBS and SLURM documentation](https://stereopipeline.readthedocs.io/en/latest/examples.html#using-pbs-and-slurm) for details, notice that in Puhti `--account` should always be given and that correct [`--partion`-names](../computing/running/batch-job-partitions.md) should be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ames Stereo Pipeline supports also multi-node batch jobs, see its [PBS and SLURM documentation](https://stereopipeline.readthedocs.io/en/latest/examples.html#using-pbs-and-slurm) for details; please notice that in Puhti, in addition to the mentioned arguments, you need to provide the `--account` argument and use the correct [`--partion`-names](../computing/running/batch-job-partitions.md).
```
